absorber + aplasies + ariseras + ballerai + roseraies + sabelles = liarderas 
absorber + aplasies + ariseras + liarderas + repassas + roseraies = persiller 
absorber + aplasies + darderais + dribbler + papelards + sabelles = roseraies 
absorber + aplasies + darderais + radierai + roseraies + sabelles = persiller 
absorber + ballerai + darderais + palissade + papelards + repassas = repassais 
absorber + ballerai + dribbler + liarderas + radierai + repassais = palissade 
aciselai + adossais + alsacien + anisasses + cassonade + semences = oenolisme 
aciselai + adossais + alsacien + miliciens + mollisses + oenolisme = assaillais 
aciselai + adossais + canasses + colossale + miliciens + mollisses = cannelions 
aciselai + alsacien + animalisa + assommas + miliciens + onciales = oenolisme 
adossais + animalisa + anisasses + assommas + cassonade + onciales = mollisses 
adossais + animalisa + canasses + miliciens + onciales + semences = oenolisme 
adossais + assommas + canasses + coalisais + miliciens + mollisses = cannelions 
adossais + canasses + coalisais + miliciens + onciales + semences = anisasses 
adossais + canasses + colossale + miliciens + onciales + semences = oenolisme 
allasses + busserole + daurades + dessoudas + radeuses + relouera = surpasses 
aplasies + ariseras + ballerai + liarderas + radierai + repassais = palissade 
aplasies + ariseras + ballerai + palissade + radierai + repassas = repassais 
aplasies + ariseras + darderais + liarderas + palissade + repassas = piaillerie 
aplasies + ballerai + dribbler + liarderas + radierai + repassas = repassais 
aplasies + ballerai + dribbler + radierai + repassais + repassas = palissade 
aplasies + liarderas + palissade + papelards + persiller + sabelles = darderais 
ariseras + darderais + dribbler + radierai + repassas + roseraies = parodieras 
ballerai + darderais + palissade + papelards + radierai + sabelles = parodieras 
bistorte + bosseuses + buttoirs + hotterets + obusiers + osseuses = tousseries 
bistorte + brouettes + buttoirs + hotterets + ressortir + tousseur = huisseries 
bistorte + buttoirs + herborise + obusiers + terreurs + tousseur = ouistitis 
bistorte + buttoirs + isosistes + ressortir + terreurs + tousseur = hotterets 
bosseuses + brouettes + buttoirs + hotterets + obusiers + terreurs = ouistitis 
bosseuses + herborise + obusiers + ressortir + terreurs + tousseur = rebrousses 
busserole + poudreuse + radeuses + relouera + ressasser + surpasses = soupesasse 
cannelai + cantonna + collasse + consolas + dentelons + tentasse = cossaient 
collasse + consolas + cossaient + dentelons + inondais + lissantes = descendais 
diffuses + duettiste + essouffle + filoutes + solitude + studette = sellettes 
diffuses + duettiste + essouffle + fossoies + sellettes + solitude = siffleuses 
diffuses + filoutes + fossoies + houleuses + oiselles + touilles = duettiste 
diffuses + filoutes + fossoies + oiselles + sellettes + solitude = duettiste 
diffuses + fossoies + houlettes + soldeuses + solitude + touilles = essouffle 
diffuses + fossoies + oiselles + sellettes + soldeuses + touilles = toutefois 
diffuses + houlettes + houleuses + oiselles + studette + touilles = essouffle 
diffuses + houlettes + houleuses + sellettes + studette + touilles = disetteuse 
essouffle + filoutes + fossoies + oiselles + touilles + toutefois = houlettes 
essouffle + filoutes + houlettes + houleuses + soldeuses + toutefois = disetteuse 
essouffle + filoutes + oiselles + sellettes + touilles + toutefois = disetteuse 
essouffle + fossoies + houlettes + sellettes + solitude + toutefois = douillette 
essouffle + fossoies + houleuses + sellettes + solitude + studette = disetteuse 
filoutes + fossoies + houleuses + studette + touilles + toutefois = essouffle 
poudreuse + radeuses + ressasser + saburrale + suppurer + surpasses = soupesasse 
