absorber + aplasies + ariseras + ballerai + palissade + persiller + repassas = darderais 
absorber + aplasies + ariseras + liarderas + palissade + repassais + roseraies = proposasse 
absorber + aplasies + darderais + palissade + radierai + repassais + repassas = proposasse 
absorber + aplasies + liarderas + papelards + persiller + repassais + sabelles = proposasse 
aciselai + adossais + alsacien + canasses + colossale + mollisses + onciales = animalisa 
aciselai + alsacien + animalisa + anisasses + assommas + onciales + semences = miliciens 
aciselai + anisasses + assommas + canasses + coalisais + oenolisme + semences = assaillais 
adossais + alsacien + animalisa + assommas + canasses + cassonade + mollisses = indemnises 
adossais + alsacien + anisasses + canasses + cassonade + coalisais + oenolisme = assaillais 
adossais + alsacien + canasses + mollisses + oenolisme + onciales + semences = assaillais 
adossais + anisasses + canasses + coalisais + colossale + oenolisme + onciales = miliciens 
adossais + assommas + canasses + cassonade + coalisais + colossale + onciales = anisasses 
alsacien + canasses + coalisais + miliciens + mollisses + onciales + semences = indemnises 
alsacien + cassonade + coalisais + colossale + miliciens + mollisses + oenolisme = assaillais 
ariseras + ballerai + dribbler + palissade + radierai + repassas + sabelles = roseraies 
bistorte + bosseuses + brouettes + hotterets + osseuses + sertisses + tousseur = huisseries 
bistorte + herborise + isosistes + ouistitis + ressortir + sertisses + tousseur = huisseries 
bosseuses + hotterets + isosistes + osseuses + ouistitis + rouissoir + terreurs = rebrousser 
diffuses + duettiste + essouffle + fossoies + oiselles + sellettes + soldeuses = siffleuses 
diffuses + duettiste + fossoies + soldeuses + solitude + studette + toutefois = siffleuses 
diffuses + essouffle + filoutes + fossoies + houlettes + soldeuses + touilles = siffleuses 
diffuses + essouffle + filoutes + oiselles + solitude + studette + touilles = duettiste 
diffuses + filoutes + fossoies + houlettes + houleuses + solitude + studette = siffleuses 
diffuses + houlettes + soldeuses + solitude + studette + touilles + toutefois = disetteuse 
duettiste + essouffle + oiselles + sellettes + solitude + studette + toutefois = lotisseuse 
essouffle + fossoies + sellettes + soldeuses + studette + touilles + toutefois = siffleuses 
fossoies + houlettes + houleuses + soldeuses + solitude + studette + toutefois = siffleuses 
