abstraites + amortirais + cessasses + rabiotes + staroste + toasterait + traitasses = retraceras 
abstraites + baisotait + baratteras + emmortaise + marmorises + tamisais + traitasses = ressasserai 
aciselai + alsacien + assommas + canasses + cassonade + indemnises + oenolisme = cannelions 
aciselai + animalisa + anisasses + canasses + cannelions + indemnises + onciales = assaillais 
adossais + animalisa + assaillais + cassonade + colossale + mollisses + oenolisme = cannelions 
adossais + anisasses + canasses + cannelions + cassonade + mollisses + onciales = assaillais 
allasses + busserole + paradasses + poudreuse + pullulasse + radeuses + ressasser = bourrasses 
alsacien + assommas + canasses + colossale + indemnises + miliciens + onciales = cannelions 
anisasses + canasses + colossale + indemnises + oenolisme + onciales + semences = cannelions 
baisotait + baratteras + cessasses + ratasses + ressassait + robotise + tamisais = marmorises 
bistorte + bosseuses + brouettes + huisseries + osseuses + rebrousses + ressortir = terroristes 
bistorte + bosseuses + buttoirs + huisseries + obusiers + osseuses + ouistitis = rebrousser 
bosseuses + buttoirs + herborise + hotterets + huisseries + rouissoir + tousseries = terroristes 
bosseuses + buttoirs + herborise + hotterets + ouistitis + ressortir + tousseries = rebrousser 
bourrasses + busserole + daurades + laboureurs + poudreuse + radeuses + surpasses = pullulasse 
brouettes + buttoirs + obusiers + osseuses + rebrousser + rouissoir + sertisses = huisseries 
brouettes + hotterets + osseuses + ouistitis + rebrousser + rebrousses + rouissoir = huisseries 
busserole + daurades + doublera + radeuses + relouera + ressasser + soupesasse = laboureurs 
buttoirs + herborise + obusiers + rebrousser + rebrousses + ressortir + rouissoir = tousseries 
buttoirs + hotterets + isosistes + ouistitis + rebrousser + rouissoir + sertisses = huisseries 
buttoirs + hotterets + ouistitis + rebrousser + rebrousses + rouissoir + terreurs = tousseries 
dandinions + insistas + lotissait + nasalisait + ouillais + suintants + tontinais = touillions 
daurades + dessoudas + paradasses + poudreuse + relouera + saburrale + soupesasse = laboureurs 
daurades + dessoudas + pullulasse + radeuses + ressasser + soupesasse + suppurer = bourrasses 
diffuses + disetteuse + essouffle + fossoies + oiselles + soldeuses + touilles = siffleuses 
diffuses + disetteuse + essouffle + houlettes + houleuses + oiselles + toutefois = siffleuses 
diffuses + douillette + essouffle + fossoies + houleuses + siffleuses + touilles = soufflettes 
diffuses + duettiste + essouffle + filoutes + lotisseuse + oiselles + toutefois = disetteuse 
diffuses + filoutes + houlettes + oiselles + siffleuses + solitude + studette = douillette 
disetteuse + essouffle + fossoies + sellettes + soldeuses + solitude + toutefois = lotisseuse 
douillette + duettiste + filoutes + lotisseuse + soldeuses + solitude + toutefois = siffleuses 
duettiste + fossoies + houlettes + sellettes + siffleuses + touilles + toutefois = douillette 
essouffle + filoutes + fossoies + lotisseuse + oiselles + soldeuses + toutefois = siffleuses 
essouffle + filoutes + fossoies + oiselles + sellettes + siffleuses + soldeuses = lotisseuse 
hotterets + huisseries + obusiers + osseuses + ouistitis + terreurs + tousseur = rebrousses 
hotterets + obusiers + rebrousser + rebrousses + ressortir + rouissoir + tousseur = tousseries 
