absorber + aplasies + ariseras + ballerai + liarderas + palissade + radierai + sabelles = repassais 
absorber + aplasies + dribbler + palissade + persiller + radierai + repassais + sabelles = piaillerie 
absorber + ariseras + ballerai + dribbler + palissade + papelards + persiller + repassas = roseraies 
aciselai + adossais + alsacien + animalisa + anisasses + colossale + miliciens + semences = assaillais 
aciselai + adossais + alsacien + animalisa + assommas + canasses + oenolisme + semences = indemnises 
aciselai + alsacien + animalisa + canasses + cassonade + coalisais + miliciens + onciales = cannelions 
aciselai + alsacien + assommas + coalisais + colossale + miliciens + oenolisme + onciales = assaillais 
aciselai + animalisa + anisasses + canasses + coalisais + colossale + mollisses + onciales = cannelions 
aciselai + animalisa + assommas + canasses + coalisais + colossale + oenolisme + semences = indemnises 
aciselai + anisasses + assommas + canasses + cassonade + coalisais + onciales + semences = indemnises 
adossais + alsacien + animalisa + canasses + coalisais + colossale + mollisses + semences = cannelions 
adossais + alsacien + animalisa + colossale + miliciens + mollisses + onciales + semences = assaillais 
adossais + alsacien + anisasses + coalisais + colossale + mollisses + onciales + semences = indemnises 
animalisa + anisasses + assommas + canasses + cassonade + coalisais + colossale + semences = cannelions 
aplasies + ballerai + darderais + palissade + papelards + repassais + repassas + roseraies = proposasse 
aplasies + ballerai + dribbler + liarderas + palissade + repassais + repassas + sabelles = piaillerie 
ballerai + darderais + palissade + persiller + repassais + repassas + roseraies + sabelles = piaillerie 
bistorte + bosseuses + brouettes + buttoirs + herborise + hotterets + rouissoir + terreurs = rebrousses 
bistorte + bosseuses + brouettes + isosistes + osseuses + ouistitis + rouissoir + sertisses = huisseries 
bistorte + bosseuses + buttoirs + herborise + isosistes + rouissoir + terreurs + tousseur = huisseries 
bistorte + brouettes + buttoirs + herborise + isosistes + obusiers + osseuses + tousseur = huisseries 
bosseuses + buttoirs + herborise + isosistes + obusiers + ressortir + rouissoir + sertisses = huisseries 
bosseuses + herborise + hotterets + isosistes + obusiers + ouistitis + rouissoir + sertisses = rebrousses 
brouettes + herborise + hotterets + isosistes + ouistitis + ressortir + terreurs + tousseur = rebrousses 
darderais + dribbler + liarderas + palissade + radierai + repassas + roseraies + sabelles = piaillerie 
diffuses + duettiste + filoutes + fossoies + houleuses + oiselles + solitude + toutefois = siffleuses 
essouffle + filoutes + fossoies + houlettes + houleuses + sellettes + solitude + toutefois = douillette 
essouffle + houlettes + houleuses + oiselles + soldeuses + solitude + studette + toutefois = douillette 
