aciselai + adossais + alsacien + animalisa + assaillais + assommas + coalisais + mollisses + oenolisme = indemnises 
adossais + animalisa + anisasses + canasses + colossale + indemnises + mollisses + oenolisme + semences = assaillais 
allasses + bourrasses + busserole + doublera + poudreuse + radeuses + saburrale + soupesasse + surpasses = paradasses 
alsacien + animalisa + anisasses + assaillais + cassonade + colossale + miliciens + onciales + semences = indemnises 
aplasies + ariseras + ballerai + dribbler + papelards + proposasse + repassais + repassas + sabelles = piaillerie 
aplasies + ariseras + dribbler + liarderas + palissade + parodieras + piaillerie + repassas + sabelles = rassasieras 
ariseras + ballerai + dribbler + liarderas + palissade + papelards + persiller + piaillerie + repassas = proposasse 
bistorte + bosseuses + brouettes + buttoirs + herborise + osseuses + rebrousser + sertisses + terreurs = tousseries 
bistorte + bosseuses + buttoirs + huisseries + obusiers + osseuses + ressortir + rouissoir + terreurs = tousseries 
bistorte + buttoirs + herborise + hotterets + huisseries + isosistes + ressortir + terreurs + tousseur = rebrousser 
bistorte + buttoirs + hotterets + huisseries + isosistes + osseuses + ressortir + rouissoir + terreurs = rebrousser 
bistorte + herborise + hotterets + rebrousser + rebrousses + ressortir + rouissoir + terreurs + tousseur = huisseries 
bistorte + isosistes + obusiers + osseuses + ouistitis + rebrousser + rebrousses + sertisses + terreurs = tousseries 
bosseuses + brouettes + herborise + isosistes + obusiers + osseuses + ressortir + tousseries + tousseur = rebrousser 
bosseuses + brouettes + hotterets + isosistes + obusiers + osseuses + ouistitis + rebrousses + terreurs = huisseries 
bosseuses + brouettes + isosistes + osseuses + ouistitis + rouissoir + sertisses + terreurs + tousseries = huisseries 
busserole + daurades + dessoudas + doublera + paradasses + poudreuse + relouera + ressasser + saburrale = laboureurs 
busserole + daurades + dessoudas + pullulasse + radeuses + relouera + ressasser + soupesasse + surpasses = bourrasses 
collasse + dentelons + descellait + descendais + lissantes + oscillante + sinisation + tentasse + toilettais = conciliants 
diffuses + disetteuse + douillette + duettiste + houlettes + houleuses + sellettes + studette + touilles = siffleuses 
diffuses + disetteuse + duettiste + essouffle + houlettes + houleuses + oiselles + studette + toutefois = lotisseuses 
diffuses + disetteuse + essouffle + filoutes + fossoies + houlettes + houleuses + solitude + touilles = lotisseuse 
diffuses + disetteuse + essouffle + filoutes + oiselles + sellettes + siffleuses + solitude + toutefois = lotisseuse 
diffuses + douillette + filoutes + fossoies + sellettes + soldeuses + solitude + studette + toutefois = disetteuse 
diffuses + duettiste + filoutes + fossoies + houlettes + houleuses + siffleuses + touilles + toutefois = douillette 
diffuses + duettiste + filoutes + houlettes + lotisseuse + sellettes + soldeuses + studette + toutefois = disetteuse 
diffuses + essouffle + fossoies + houleuses + sellettes + siffleuses + soldeuses + solitude + touilles = lotisseuse 
disetteuse + duettiste + essouffle + filoutes + fossoies + houleuses + lotisseuse + oiselles + sellettes = siffleuses 
disetteuse + filoutes + fossoies + houlettes + oiselles + soldeuses + studette + touilles + toutefois = siffleuses 
disetteuse + filoutes + fossoies + houleuses + oiselles + siffleuses + solitude + studette + toutefois = lotisseuse 
duettiste + essouffle + houlettes + oiselles + sellettes + siffleuses + soldeuses + studette + touilles = disetteuse 
essouffle + filoutes + fossoies + houleuses + oiselles + sellettes + siffleuses + soldeuses + studette = disetteuse 
lointains + lotissait + nasalisait + ouillais + suintants + talonnions + tanisions + tontinais + touillions = toisassions 
