albania + algeria + angola + armenia + benin + gabon + iran + lebanon + liberia + mali + nigeria + oman + romania = mongolia 
albania + algeria + angola + armenia + benin + gabon + iran + liberia + mali + namibia + niger + nigeria + romania = mongolia 
albania + algeria + angola + armenia + benin + gabon + lebanon + liberia + mali + namibia + niger + nigeria + oman = mongolia 
albania + algeria + angola + armenia + benin + iran + lebanon + liberia + mali + namibia + niger + nigeria + oman = mongolia 
albania + algeria + angola + armenia + gabon + gambia + georgia + liberia + mali + namibia + niger + oman + romania = mongolia 
albania + algeria + angola + armenia + gabon + gambia + iran + lebanon + liberia + mali + namibia + niger + nigeria = mongolia 
albania + algeria + angola + armenia + gabon + gambia + iran + mali + namibia + niger + nigeria + oman + romania = mongolia 
albania + algeria + angola + benin + gabon + gambia + georgia + iran + lebanon + liberia + mali + namibia + nigeria = mongolia 
albania + algeria + angola + gabon + gambia + georgia + iran + lebanon + mali + namibia + nigeria + oman + romania = mongolia 
albania + algeria + armenia + belgium + benin + brunei + gambia + iran + liberia + namibia + nauru + niger + nigeria = bulgaria 
albania + algeria + armenia + gabon + georgia + iran + lebanon + liberia + mali + niger + nigeria + oman + romania = mongolia 
albania + algeria + benin + gambia + georgia + iran + lebanon + liberia + mali + namibia + nigeria + oman + romania = mongolia 
albania + angola + armenia + benin + gabon + gambia + georgia + iran + liberia + mali + namibia + niger + romania = mongolia 
albania + angola + armenia + benin + gabon + gambia + iran + lebanon + liberia + mali + nigeria + oman + romania = mongolia 
albania + benin + brunei + grenada + guinea + india + iran + ireland + liberia + nauru + niger + nigeria + uganda = bulgaria 
algeria + angola + armenia + benin + gabon + gambia + georgia + iran + lebanon + namibia + niger + nigeria + romania = mongolia 
algeria + angola + armenia + georgia + greece + iran + mali + monaco + morocco + niger + nigeria + oman + romania = mongolia 
algeria + angola + benin + gabon + georgia + iran + lebanon + liberia + mali + namibia + niger + nigeria + romania = mongolia 
andorra + armenia + cameroon + canada + congo + georgia + grenada + india + iran + monaco + niger + nigeria + oman = dominica 
andorra + armenia + canada + congo + dominica + georgia + greece + grenada + india + iran + monaco + morocco + niger = cameroon 
andorra + armenia + canada + congo + dominica + georgia + greece + grenada + india + iran + morocco + niger + nigeria = cameroon 
andorra + armenia + canada + dominica + greece + grenada + india + iran + monaco + morocco + niger + oman + romania = cameroon 
andorra + canada + congo + dominica + georgia + greece + grenada + monaco + morocco + niger + nigeria + oman + romania = cameroon 
andorra + canada + dominica + georgia + greece + grenada + india + iran + monaco + niger + nigeria + oman + romania = cameroon 
angola + armenia + cameroon + congo + georgia + greece + iran + mali + monaco + morocco + niger + nigeria + romania = mongolia 
